docs: add more explanation to README for newcomers (#895)
wmde/wbaas-deploy: README.md

# wbaas-deploy

> Welcome to the Wikibase.Cloud deployment repository. This is used for the infrastructure as code defintions of Wikibase Cloud. It deploys a number of components from a number of differnet repositories. This includes repositories owned by both the WMDE and WBStack github organisation. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Welcome to the Wikibase.Cloud deployment repository. This is used for the infrastructure as code definitions of Wikibase Cloud. It deploys a number of components from a number of different repositories. This includes repositories owned by both the WMDE and WBStack github organisation.
```
